README.md, before:

![Go workflow](https://github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg) [![Go Report Card - config](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/config)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/config)[![Go Report Card - lib](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/lib)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/lib)[![Go Report Card - cli](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/cli)[![Go Report Card - ui](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/ui)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/ui)
# Go utility for Litra Glow and Beam

## Introduction

After purchasing a [Logitech Litra Glow](https://www.logitech.com/en-us/products/lighting/litra-glow.946-000001.html) I was unable to find any support for linux. [I created a python project](https://github.com/kharyam/litra-driver) which reverse-engineered the basic functionality of the litra glow so that we can control it via USB without using the physical buttons on the device. It also now supports the [Logitech Litra Beam](https://www.logitech.com/en-us/products/lighting/litra-beam.946-000006.html). This project is the port from python to go.


## Quick Start

### Linux
```bash
# If necessary, create a udev role to grant permission to access the light
sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/82-litra-glow.rules <<< 'SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="046d", ATTR{idProduct}=="c900",MODE="0666"'
sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/82-litra-beam.rules <<< 'SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="046d", ATTR{idProduct}=="c901",MODE="0666"'

# For most operating systems, reloading udev rules is enough
sudo udevadm control --reload-rules
sudo udevadm trigger

# For others, a reboot may be required
# sudo reboot

# Command Line Interface
lcli --help

# User Interface
lcui

```

## The UI
A basic UI can be launched to allow control of the light:

```bash
lcui
```

![lcui Screen Shot](images/lcui.png)

## The CLI

```bash
This command line interface allows you to control a litra Glow or Beam 
device using the commands described below.

Usage:
  cli [command]

Available Commands:
  bright      Sets the brightness level (0-100)
  completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help        Help about any command
  off         Turn lights off
  on          Turn lights on
  temp        Sets the temperature of the lights (2700 - 6500)

Flags:
  -h, --help     help for cli
  -t, --toggle   Help message for toggle

Use "cli [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

Sample Usage
```bash
lcli on
lcli bright 10
lcli temp 6500
lcli off
```

## Development

### Build Locally

```bash

git clone git@github.com:kharyam/go-litra-driver.git
cd go-litra-driver
go build -v ./config
go build -v ./lib
go build -o lcli -v ./cli
go build -o lcui -v ./ui
```

### Cobra Config (for future reference)

```bash

cd cli

# Workaround when using workspaces
GOWORK=off cobra-cli init .

# Create skeleton code for each command
cobra-cli add on
cobra-cli add off
cobra-cli add bright
cobra-cli add temp
```

### Publishing

```bash
export VERSION=v0.0.2

cd config
go mod tidy
cd ../lib
go mod tidy
cd ../cli
go mod tidy
cd ../ui
go mod tidy

GOPROXY=proxy.golang.org go list -m github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver@${VERSION}
```

### Packaging
```bash
podman build -t kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux build/linux

cd cli
fyne-cross linux --arch=amd64 --image=kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli
fyne-cross windows --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli
# TODO - Package for OSx
#fyne-cross darwin --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli

cd ../ui
fyne-cross linux --arch=amd64 --image=kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
fyne-cross windows --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
# TODO - Package for OSx
#fyne-cross darwin --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
```

Commit message:

Support incrementing/decrementing brightness and temp (#7)
* Support incrementing/decrementing brightness and temp

* Update docs

* License

README.md, after:

![Go workflow](https://github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg) [![Go Report Card - config](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/config)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/config)[![Go Report Card - lib](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/lib)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/lib)[![Go Report Card - cli](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/cli)[![Go Report Card - ui](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/ui)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver/ui)
# Go utility for Litra Glow and Beam

## Introduction

After purchasing a [Logitech Litra Glow](https://www.logitech.com/en-us/products/lighting/litra-glow.946-000001.html) I was unable to find any support for linux. [I created a python project](https://github.com/kharyam/litra-driver) which reverse-engineered the basic functionality of the litra glow so that we can control it via USB without using the physical buttons on the device. It also now supports the [Logitech Litra Beam](https://www.logitech.com/en-us/products/lighting/litra-beam.946-000006.html). This project is the port from python to go.


## Quick Start

### Linux
```bash
# If necessary, create a udev role to grant permission to access the light
sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/82-litra-glow.rules <<< 'SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="046d", ATTR{idProduct}=="c900",MODE="0666"'
sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/82-litra-beam.rules <<< 'SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="046d", ATTR{idProduct}=="c901",MODE="0666"'

# For most operating systems, reloading udev rules is enough
sudo udevadm control --reload-rules
sudo udevadm trigger

# For others, a reboot may be required
# sudo reboot

# Command Line Interface
lcli --help

# User Interface
lcui

```

## The UI
A basic UI can be launched to allow control of the light:

```bash
lcui
```

![lcui Screen Shot](images/lcui.png)

## The CLI

```bash
This command line interface allows you to control a litra Glow or Beam 
device using the commands described below.

Usage:
  cli [command]

Available Commands:
  bright      Sets the brightness level (0-100)
  brightdown  Decrements the brightness by the amount specified
  brightup    Increments the brightness by the amount specified
  completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help        Help about any command
  off         Turn lights off
  on          Turn lights on
  temp        Sets the temperature of the lights (2700 - 6500)
  tempdown    Decrements the temperature by the amount specified
  tempup      Increments the temperature by the amount specified

Flags:
  -h, --help     help for cli
  -t, --toggle   Help message for toggle

Use "cli [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

Sample Usage
```bash
lcli on
lcli bright 10
lcli temp 6500
lcli brightup 30
lcli tempdown 2000
lcli off
```

## Development

### Build Locally

```bash

git clone git@github.com:kharyam/go-litra-driver.git
cd go-litra-driver
go build -v ./config
go build -v ./lib
go build -o lcli -v ./cli
go build -o lcui -v ./ui
```

### Cobra Config (for future reference)

```bash

cd cli

# Workaround when using workspaces
GOWORK=off cobra-cli init .

# Create skeleton code for each command
cobra-cli add on
cobra-cli add off
cobra-cli add bright
cobra-cli add temp
```

### Publishing

```bash
export VERSION=v0.0.2

cd config
go mod tidy
cd ../lib
go mod tidy
cd ../cli
go mod tidy
cd ../ui
go mod tidy

GOPROXY=proxy.golang.org go list -m github.com/kharyam/go-litra-driver@${VERSION}
```

### Packaging
```bash
podman build -t kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux build/linux

cd cli
fyne-cross linux --arch=amd64 --image=kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli
fyne-cross windows --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli
# TODO - Package for OSx
#fyne-cross darwin --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcli

cd ../ui
fyne-cross linux --arch=amd64 --image=kharyam/fyne-cross-images:linux --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
fyne-cross windows --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
# TODO - Package for OSx
#fyne-cross darwin --arch=amd64 --app-id=net.kharyam.lcui
```
